Install guide update for 2022.2 (#12222)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/HDDL.md

## Configuring the HDDL Plugin

> To configure your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design With Intel® Movidius™ on supported operating systems, refer to the [installation guide](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-config-ivad-vpu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your Intel® Vision Accelerator Design With Intel® Movidius™ on supported operating systems, refer to the [installation guide](../../install_guides/configurations-for-ivad-vpu.md).
```
